# ASSIGNMENT 1 
Problem 1 Calculator console app

#Purpose of the app 
The purpose of this app is a console application that solves arithmetic expressions put by the user. 
#Execution 
I created the loop around the main to allow users to solve multiple problems.
They are also given a choice y or Y which is another loop that exits the program or enters another problem.
I put case for the expressions wanted in problems.
I used char and float to execute the expressions and used the else if statement to include the other expressions. 
After I added the user input by including the questions for the output. 


#Problem 2 Birthday app

#Purpose of the app 
ask the user
for birthday date by month, day, and year (2000-2023)

#Execution 
I first created a while statements and functions of char for choices. 
Then put in the user cin for the output of the code.
Asked the user the month of their own birthday and began the switch statement adding the cases and months.
After I put a switch statement for the meanings and year of and did the same thing for the day. 
Asked the user if they would like to play the game again and thanked them for playing. 


#Problem 3 BMI 

#Purpose of the app 
To see the user's BODY MASS INDEX 
#Execution 
In this code I first put in the functions. 
Then, I added the cin for the user's questions. 
After I added the code for determining the BMI and calculating the BMI by using multiplication.
For the category I used the else statement for each number it should be and if they are overweight or not. 
After I put in the description of the program output and what their BMI is. 


#Problem 4  Multiplication table

#Purpose of the app 
console program that generates a multiplication table based on user input

#Execution 
First I put char and while for choices and the int for the numbers that the user wants. 
After I put in the cin of the user for all of the needs for the table. 
Then with the multiplication table, I put for which helped me set the table 
I asked the user if they wanted to do another table and thanked them! 

#Problem 5  Problem solver with more expressions


#Purpose of the app 
Applying a conditional statement to determine which operand they have
chosen and based on the operand, you will apply it to solve the problem

After putting in a loop to ask the user if they want to solve another problem. 










