#Problem 1  Convert variables into a struct 

#Purpose of the app from assignment one for each problem I will have to group the variables

#Execution 
I used a struct called 'calculator' to group the variables but it's only slightly shown in the code 
The main function does the same result it prompts the user to enter a problem to solve
and calls 'evaluate expression' to calculate the result of the expression. The 'evaluateExpression' scans the input
and forms the if statement. 

#Problem 3 Convert variables into a struct 
#Purpose of the app from assignment one for each problem I will have to group the variables
#Execution  
In this problem, the program allows users to input personal information and calculate their BMI.
To put in the group variables there is a struct called 'BMIInfo' to group the variables related to BMI calculation like name, age, height
calculated BMI, and BMI category. The main function still begins with a loop which allows the user 
to calculate BMI and ends with the printed-out calculated information. The function of the calculator uses 'BMIInfo' struct 
as input and calculates the height in inches by converting and BMI by using 'weight*703 / (height_total * Height_total). At the end it repeats the process
by asking the user if they want to repeat and exits. 


#Problem 4 Convert variables into a struct 

#Purpose of the app from assignment one for each problem I will have to group the variables

#Execution 
In this program, it generates a multiplication table within a specified range and multiplication range. 
The struct called 'MultiplicationTable' groups variables related to the ranges for the multiplication 
table. The main function is the same it starts with a loop that allows the user to generate multiplication tables for ranges 
Then the loop prompts the user to enter the starting range and the ending range for the table itself.
Then the function creates another multiplication table continues the loop and asks if they want the code to create 
another table. The program then repeats this process until the user decides to exit. 


#Problem 5 Convert variables into a struct 

#Purpose of the app from assignment one for each problem I will have to group the variables from the prior assignment 

#Execution 
In this code we are creating a calculator I first grouped the variables 'operand'. 'operand2'. and 'result
into a struct called 'calculator,' I defined a struct at the beginning of the code I grouped the related variables in 'Calculator'. 
By grouping related variables into a struct the code becomes more organic, easier to understand, and easier 
to maintain. The main function still has all of the operations and if statements to different operations. As well 
the case also puts all of the operations at the end it asks the user if they want to do another operation and ends the code. 
